Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like there's nobody listening, and live like it's heaven on earth.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
